---
title: This Project
navigation: true
description: "Let's learn how to use my amazing module."
---
# NIMBUS

::alert{type="warning"}
⚠️ This project is in constant development, so if you find any problems let us know.
::

This is an Open Source project by <a href="https://vemlavaralouca.com.br/" target="_blank">VLALG</a> (**Vem Lavar a Louça Gamers**) that aims to share JavaScript libs, VS Code extensions, Browser extensions and Vue.js 3 components, with the focus of putting Brazil in the field of vision of world developers with a 100% Brazilian project.

## VLALG
<a href="https://vemlavaralouca.com.br/" target="_blank">VLALG</a> is a Youtube channel that is under development, created by <a href="https://github.com/TonhaoSantos" target="_blank">Tonhão Santos</a> and <a href="https://github.com/lipecss" target="_blank">FelipeCss</a>, two gamer and developer brothers.

## Name meaning

Searching for the meaning of Nimbus on the web we can find:

- **Briefly**: The meaning of nimbus is “**rain cloud**” 🌧️, “**halo**” 😇.
- The male name Nimbus comes from the Latin word nimbus, which originated in the 17th century and means "rain cloud" or "halo".
- The word nimbus also refers to some types of clouds, such as cumulonimbus, which usually form in hot seasons of the year and produce a lot of rain.
- The proper name Nimbus is rare throughout the world, and can be found with little incidence in countries such as the United States, India and the Philippines.

In short, Nimbus is a rare storm!

With that in mind, we chose the name to represent a storm of rare and good things.

These things are:

::list{type="primary"}
- Vue.js 3 Components
- Web Components
- JS Libraries
- CSS Library
- Helper's/Util's JS
::

## Main focus

The main focus of anything that is created must always be what you love to do (what is being created), at least this has to be the focus, otherwise it is total frustration in the short term.

This project called Nimbus, has as its main objective to centralize the things (Vue Components, Libs, ..., other things that are available in this project) that we develop within **VLALG**, facilitating their use in other projects our. This avoids copying and pasting a component, for example, from project X to project Y, removing the complexity of maintenance in all places of use by 100%.

In order not to keep these projects just for us (of course, only what we think is cool), we decided to share them with the whole universe. But not limited to just sharing our stuff, we open it (Open Source) for everyone to share (Vue Components, Web Components and Js Libs) with a brief approval before, this approval is only to maintain a standard and not lose the essence from VLALG.

## Contributions

We will be opening the project for contributions soon, we are establishing some configurations and standards.
