---
title: Issues
---

# Issues

## Before You Start...

The issue list is reserved exclusively for bug reports and feature requests. That means we do not accept usage questions. If you open an issue that does not conform to the requirements, it will be closed immediately.

<details class="announcements-details">
  <summary>
    <strong>Why are we so strict about this?</strong>
  </summary>

<div class="announcements-details-content">
<strong>The reason behind our strict issue policy</strong>

Maintaining open source projects, especially popular ones, is <a href="https://nolanlawson.com/2017/03/05/what-it-feels-like-to-be-an-open-source-maintainer/" target="_blank">hard work</a>. As Nimbu's user base has grown, we are getting more and more usage questions, bug reports, feature requests and pull requests every single day.

As a free and open source project, Nimbus also has limited maintainer bandwidth. That means the only way to ensure the project's sustainability is to:

<ol>
  <li>Prioritize more concrete work (bug fixes and new features);</li>
  <li>Improve issue triaging efficiency.</li>
</ol>

For (1), we have decided to use the GitHub issue lists exclusively for work that has well-defined, actionable goals. Questions and open ended discussions should be posted to mediums that are better suited for them.

For (2), we have found that issues that do not provide proper information upfront usually results in terribly inefficient back-and-forth communication just to extract the basic information needed for actual triaging. This is exactly why we have created this app: to ensure that every issue is created with the necessary information, and to save time on both sides.
</div>
</details>


## Questions



For usage questions, please use the following resources:

- [Read the docs](https://nimbus-vlalg.vercel.app/)
- [Watch video tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/)
- [Ask on the forums/chat](https://discord.com/channels/730480649139388469/1141943762386428015)
- [Look for / ask questions on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=nimbus)

Also try to search for your issue - it may have already been answered or even fixed in the development branch. However, if you find that an old, closed issue still persists in the latest version, you should open a new issue using the form below instead of commenting on the old issue.


## Question Form

<form
  action="https://formspree.io/f/xwkdoepd"
  method="POST"
  class="issues-report"
>
  <label>
    Your email:
    <input type="email" name="email">
  </label>
  
  <br>

  <label>
    I am opening an issue for (item):
    <select name="cars" id="issue_for">
      <option value="vue_component">Vue Component</option>
      <option value="web_component">Web Component</option>
      <option value="js_libraries">JS Libraries</option>
      <option value="css_library">CSS Library</option>
      <option value="helpers_utils_js">Helper's/Util's JS</option>
      <option value="documentation">Documentation</option>
    </select>
  </label>
  
  <br>

  <label>
    Item name:
    <input type="email" name="email">
  </label>
  
  <br>

  <label>
    This is a:
    <input type="radio" id="BugReport" name="this_is" value="Bug Report">
    <label for="BugReport">Bug Report</label>
    <input type="radio" id="FeatureReport" name="this_is" value="Feature Report">
    <label for="FeatureReport">Feature Report</label>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    Issue title:
    <input type="email" name="issue_title">
  </label>

  <br><br>

  <strong>FOR Bug Report</strong>

  <label>
    Vesion:
    <select name="cars" id="version">
      <option value="v0.0.2-alpha">v0.0.2-alpha</option>
      <option value="v0.0.1-alpha">v0.0.1-alpha</option>
    </select>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(Check if the issue is reproducible with the latest stable version of Vue.)</p>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    Link to minimal reproduction:
    <input type="email" name="link_reproduction">
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(If possible, use the SFC Playground to provide a reproduction. If it requires an actual build setup, you can use StackBlitz, CodeSandbox or provide a GitHub repo.</p>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">Please do not just fill in a random link. We will close your issue if you do that.)</p>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    Steps to reproduce:
    <textarea name="steps_to_reproduce"></textarea>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(What do we need to do after opening your repro in order to make the bug happen? Clear and concise reproduction instructions are important for us to be able to triage your issue in a timely manner. Note that you can use Markdown to format lists and code.)</p>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    What is expected?:
    <textarea name="what_is_expected"></textarea>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    What is actually happening?:
    <textarea name="what_is_actually_happening?"></textarea>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    Any additional comments? (optional):
    <textarea name="additional_comments?"></textarea>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(e.g. some background/context of how you ran into this bug.)</p>
  </label>


  <strong>Feature Report</strong>

  <label>
    What problem does this feature solve?:
    <textarea name="what_problem_solve"></textarea>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(Explain your use case, context, and rationale behind this feature request. More importantly, what is the end user experience you are trying to build that led to the need for this feature?</p>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">An important design goal of Nimbus is keeping the API surface small and straightforward. In general, we only consider adding new features that solve a problem that cannot be easily dealt with using existing APIs (i.e. not just an alternative way of doing things that can already be done). The problem should also be common enough to justify the addition.)</p>
  </label>

  <br>

  <label>
    What does the proposed API look like?:
    <textarea name="what_proposed"></textarea>
    <p class="issues-report__obs">(Describe how you propose to solve the problem and provide code samples of how the API would work once implemented. Note that you can use Markdown to format your code blocks.)</p>
  </label>

  <button type="submit">Send</button>
</form>
